yeah we are really happy for the team
because this is the first one pass and
we I think so we have a weed pollen
share to to be really fast for the race
and the team do a really good job and I
hope that tomorrow we continue to be on
the front
I know I said it's a stunning feeling to
be honest because to come to a circuit
with each on collateral and to give it
its first Paul position is another
milestone for odie didn't do Tom and I
did exactly the same thing for the first
diesel engined r10 and that was a nice
feeling but this one just that's it
there's a quite a special one it was a
good lap as well so can you do it have I
asked the worth question actually I
think it's my first pole position in spa
I haven't had a win here I've raced here
and been fast here pretty much every
single time but the wins eluded me so
hopefully tomorrow afternoon we'll
either have a dry run to a victory or a
splashy wet run so Victor but as long as
it's a victory will be happy